---
draft: true
---

# 1

https://dev.to/excceedd/how-to-solve-coding-issues-in-four-easy-steps-3j5g

This article tells about how to solve coding problems in a four-steps way. It really helps me because problem solving is an important indicator in a job interview.

Recognize the issue. Although job interview won't give you much time to think, you still need to fully understand the issue before solving.

Make a strategy. Strategy is a kind of plan before coding. There are several ways to design a strategy. Pseudo-code seems a good choice for me. "consider systematically how a human solves the problem." this principle helps me a lot.

Execute the plan. This is a core part of solving, the step needs you to write actual code. The author offers a useful skill: Ignore the difficult part of the problem that you don't understand for the time being and write out the other parts.	

Take a look back. Examining your code is a essential step. You should consider all situations, especially some border conditions.

# 2

https://dev.to/latobibor/should-we-have-test-managers-again-mkf

This article argues about whether we should have test engineer. Compare to a bunch of manual testers, the author prefer a professional testing team. A test automation engineer will  dedicating his/her time to what to test, how to test effectively and when to avoid writing expensive or weak test suites. This makes test unit more powerful and robust. 

Tested by who developed is a bad idea, according to the article. The closer testers are to the actual creator of the code, the less likely they will find a bug. And developer will not have much time to learn a series of professional testing methods. More over, they even ghosting responsibilities when it comes to multiple teams testing together.

# 3

https://dev.to/fastcodeinc/low-code-platforms-full-code-developers-a-match-made-in-hell-32ie

Low-code development has been a hot trend in recent years. But it is controversial at the same time. This article mainly discuss what are the disadvantage of low-code platform.

Low-code mode actually provides a visual platform to build your application, it's like a toy: strong in building little project, weak in writing a large app. And how to test it has become a bottleneck for its future.

The article also tells that low-code platform will limits career mobility. Different company have different low-code solutions, it's really hard to reuse, and the traditional technical skills in open programming languages and frameworks will disappear gradually.

However, a low-code platform especially built for professional developers is a better idea, it will eliminates the disadvantages of proprietary low-code platforms.

# 4

https://dev.to/anthonyjdella/why-you-should-use-a-developer-font-2gio

The most important feature of a program developer is a editor that has a cool style. We look at codes all day long, so font of codes is often overlooked but vital for the coding experience. This article emphasizes the importance of code fonts.

A good code font will help you find typos, variables and functions quickly. Code highlighting makes developers more efficient.

Companies which design IDE usually have their own code font. For example, Jetbrains Mono. It has a higher height, makes code easier to recognize. And it has some useful ligatures to identify special characters (though I don't really like it). Each character is distinct, 1, l and I is easy to read, while they look the same with a lot of standard fonts.

# 5

https://dev.to/ben/what-are-your-tips-for-an-effective-developer-resume-ep4

This is not a traditional article, it's like a discussion in forums. Many developers left their wise advise in this posting. The subject is *What are your tips for an effective developer resumé*. It helps me a lot because I happen to be looking for an internship as well. Here are some suggestions that I have benefited from.

Don’t list every technology you have ever done “hello world” in. Just list the knowledge and skills that you are really good at and that fit the target position. You will never be expert of every field.

Make sure to link to your socials. Especially GitHub, this is the perfect platform to showcase yourself.

Try and showcase how well you will perform in a team. Try to tailor the descriptions of your project experience to match the job you are applying for.

