---
draft: true
---

# <div align="center">The Art of Abstraction</div>

<div align="center">19120198 孙天野</div>

The article *Abstractions, Their Algorithms, and Their Compilers* inspires me most. I was greatly impressed by its understanding and explanation of the concept of abstraction.

The abstraction described in the text is gradual and hierarchical, with the higher levels depending on the lower levels, and the conversion between them is done by compilation. It is worth noting how to inherit performance metrics from lower-level abstractions and how to choose the right lower-level abstraction to reduce the time spent on conversions. The simplicity of the abstraction is also critical; an abstract solution that can be used to solve a real problem must be easy to understand and design.

To explain this theory, the article uses the dictionary, a high-level abstraction, as an example, and explores ways to implement dictionaries using lower-level abstractions such as chains, red-black trees, and hash tables, respectively, and then goes deeper from hash tables to explore the underlying implementation of secondary storage abstractions. This step-by-step, nested-in-depth thinking has benefited me a lot and made me realize how important the ability to abstract concrete transactions into multi-layer architectures is. They involve considerations of algorithmic efficiency, proof of conversion equivalence, and other difficult points. 

The compiler abstraction and SQL abstraction mentioned in the article are exactly what I learned in my Principles of Compilation course this semester and am quite familiar with. The evaluation algorithms and optimization tools mentioned, such as DFA inertia evaluation and SQL exhaustive search of equivalent syntax trees, were also an eye-opener for me. These two classic examples also show how valuable the efforts of computer scientists are in compiling high-level abstractions into low-level abstractions.

One of the parts of the article that struck me the most was quantum computing. I was excited by the introduction of the concept of quantum circuits. Quantum gates and quantum linesare similar to Boolean circuits, but have much more computational power and can approximate any single operator to any desired accuracy. There is still little research and study on this emerging field, and its future development is unlimited.

The article made me appreciate the art of abstraction. Abstraction is ubiquitous in the field of computing, and it is more of a concise idea than a set of detailed and nuanced methodologies. It leads us to continue our exploration of the world of computers. This also made me very interested in industrial research or academic career and willing to try to study and explore related fields.

